---
title: Release 0.10.6
image: blog/2020-07-11-01.jpg
categories: [news, updates]
header:
    parallax: false
---

## Release 0.10.6

We're so excited to announce that our latest release is here and you're going to love it.

### Master Mode
In the [previous release](/2020/07/20/01) we introduced the concept of **Modes**.  
Master mode is specifically crafted for simplicity. Aimed at users that want to turn up and down the volume without complications, master mode allows you to do just that, simply and quickly.

{% include image.html 
    src="blog/2020-07-25-master.jpg"
    alt="maxmix master mode"
    caption="Master mode"
    align="center"
%}

### New UI
With the addition of new modes and options, we decided to take a look at ui look and behavior which resulted in the following changes.  

* Item selection screens are consistent across modes both in look and behaviour.
* Game mode now consists of 3 screens; Channel a selection, channel b selection and volume edit screen. You can cycle between them by tapping the knob.
* New mode indicator at the bottom of the screen displays the currently selected mode and the number of modes available.
* All text is now upper case to maximize the use of the space.
* Element sizes and spacing are now consistent across all screens.

{% include image.html 
    src="blog/2020-07-25-app_select.jpg"
    alt="App mode select screen"
    align="center"
    caption="App mode select screen"
%}
{% include image.html 
    src="blog/2020-07-25-app_edit.jpg"
    alt="App mode edit screen"
    align="center"
    caption="App mode edit screen"
%}
{% include image.html 
    src="blog/2020-07-25-game_select.jpg"
    alt="Game mode select screen"
    align="center"
    caption="Game mode select screen"
%}
{% include image.html 
    src="blog/2020-07-25-game_edit.jpg"
    alt="Game mode edit screen"
    align="center"
    caption="Game mode edit screen"
%}

### Performance
We fixed a bug introduced in 0.10.5 that caused volume updates to be triggered twice showing a glitch in the device ui.

### Display Wake Up
The device screen is only awaken from sleep when the active item changes. This is to extend the OLED display life.

Thank you!

### Download

Download now [Release 0.10.6](https://github.com/t3knomanzer/maxmix-software/releases/download/0.10.6/Maxmix.0.10.6.msi) or let the auto-updater take care of it for you next time you launch the application.

Update the device to the latest firmware by using the firmware installer.


#### Contributors
T3knomanzer, XScorpion2, SchemingWeasels, relax81, cs2000, tocklime.


#### Donors and sponsors
Adam Truelove, Heuristic Designs LLC, HeuristicBishop, Maria Capel, PlayBeing, Alexandre Lagache.
